Add harvest thermal M&V Plan (#14)
wattcarbon/docs.wattcarbon.com: _m-and-v/harvest-thermal/plans/1.md

## Methodology Selection

We will use the [**{{ site.links.m_and_v.electrification.name }}**]({{ site.links.m_and_v.electrification.url }}) methodology.

We expect to receive device-level reporting data (Baseline: 1.1.1, Reporting: 1.2.1), and a fixed prior-fuel efficiency factor to estimate the counterfactual data. We will assume that the UEF of the pre-intervention appliance(s) is 0.63, based on the [DOE standard](https://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?SID=80dfa785ea350ebeee184bb0ae03e7f0&mc=true&node=se10.3.430_132&rgn=div8) for high-flow water heaters. The space heating uses the same heating source as the water, so the same UEF is applied to both space and water heating. Fan use will be assumed to be the same in both the baseline and reporting periods.

## Data Requirements

### Incorporated Data Requirements

The following are defined in the [**{{ site.links.m_and_v.shared.name }}**]({{ site.links.m_and_v.shared.url }}) methodology:

- Definitions  
- Electricity Carbon Intensity Calculations  
- Shared Data Intake Requirements  
- Consequential Carbon Accounting Rules  
- EAC Definition and Rules  
- Generated Versus Avoided Emissions

### User-Provided Data Requirements

> The following is a static description of the required and optional fields for a given Asset. An updated CSV template with the correct column names [is available here](https://api.wattcarbon.com/devices/csv/template/electrification_nrel_resstock_deemed) and timeseries description [is available here](https://api.wattcarbon.com/#tag/Devices/operation/upload_device_timeseries_devices__device_id__timeseries_post).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a static description of the required and optional fields for a given Asset. See the [updated CSV template with the correct column names](https://api.wattcarbon.com/devices/csv/template/electrification_nrel_resstock_deemed) and [timeseries description](https://api.wattcarbon.com/#tag/Devices/operation/upload_device_timeseries_devices__device_id__timeseries_post).
```

https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/06/links-should-never-say-click-here/
